# RegReplace 3.0

## !!!!!IMPORTANT!!!!!
CHANGES HAVE BEEN MADE TO THE REGEX RULE FORMAT.  ALSO, RULES HAVE BEEN MOVED TO A NEW LOCATION.  READ BELOW TO LEARN MORE ABOUT AUTO-CONVERTING YOUR EXISTING RULES.

## New

- Users can now edit regex (and other settings) in a python syntax highlighted panel.  You can even do multi-line regex with comments using Python re's `(?x)` flag.  All this will be converted properly into the JSON setting.  This makes it easier to edit regex as editing regex in JSON is cumbersome.  New command palette commands have been added to edit, add, or delete regex, but you can still edit it in the traditional way.  Read http://facelessuser.github.io/RegReplace/usage/#a-better-way-to-create-regex-rules to learn more.

- Replacement rules have been changed slightly and should be moved to a separate file: `reg_replace_rules.sublime-settings`.  This is to allows RegReplace to update the rules with out destroying all the comments in a User's settings.  A command found in `Preferences->Package Settings->RegReplace->Convert Rules to 3.0` will convert existing rules to the new format and copy them to the new location.

- `on_save_sequences`'s option `dotall` has been deprecated (this option specifically affected the `file_regex` option).  This shouldn't affect anyone as there is no reason to use `dotall` in a file pattern, but if this is needed, you can `(?s)` to the regex.  Legacy support still works but will be removed in the next non-bugfix release.

## Fixes

- Literal search and replace was still running replace through re, now it is a real literal replace.
